So around the 4th term of my first year of secondary school, I find some game websites.
Now I knew about proxies from a classmate of mine - he influenced me and eventually here I am now - 1000 game and (formerly) proxy links
in my lists! The proxies were UTOPIA and INCOGNITO. Oceanwave.xyz, snowymountain.xyz and learn.gq are forever remembered to me.
Anyways, I was into games - emulated games - and I found these. These could let me play games without downloading the roms and
putting them on an online emulator (didn't know about them at the time). Soon, I decide to send these links below to my classmate.

"These two game websites are UNBLOCKED and the games work. 
https://www.romsgames.net/
https://www.gamulator.com/ 
This website has some games blocked:
https://www.retrostic.com/
These are two unblocked GitHub websites, but they are limited in games.
https://jsemu2.github.io/gba/
http://ouroboroz.github.io/gba/
Codes: http://neptunjs.xyz/"

One month later, his chromebook's checked... and the teachers see that email. Oops.
So I get a detention with some other classmate who was also into games at the time but quit games and proxies after this incident. 
This incident did deter me but well after a few months I'm back to finding links and a year later I have this big repo.

Anyways, these links were banned. Neptunjs was the last one I found after the originals - it still got banned (as it was in that
email.) Funnily enough, if I never found that, I would've never known about Neptunjs until now. Why? Well, I found a game website
with the embed of it! Just a reminder of what happened.

Also, since those links were banned, there was no more online games. However, I did later find binbashbanana's webretro and
romspedia. Combine them and boom, back to normal! And also, I did find the google site game sites of course. However, unlike
the ones I originally found. They weren't download and play online, just play. One thing too, even though I say in that original
message that romsgames and gamulator were the best, I used retrostic most. I forgot why.
